Good morning. Here's your news briefing for August 10, 2026.

Starting with the top stories. President Trump said Sunday the United States is "low-keying" negotiations with Iran and signaled an emphasis on increasing economic pressure on the country, while Tehran has said no direct talks can take place until the US honors the agreements from an interim deal signed in June. The Houthis claimed Sunday that they carried out a "large-scale and precise military operation" targeting Saudi forces in the Yemeni city of Mocha on the Red Sea, hours after they claimed an attack on Saudi Aramco's Jazan refinery. US gas prices have remained higher, following the trend set by oil prices, with the national average for a gallon of gas at $4.01 on Sunday, down eight cents from a week ago, but 34.6% higher than before the war began.

Moving to the United States. Deaths and close calls while fighting wildfires have strained an already on-edge workforce and have raised questions about policies and priorities amid an intense wildfire season.

In terms of tech news, several major stories are unfolding. A New Mexico court has ordered Meta to establish a $567 million fund addressing harms linked to children's use of Facebook and Instagram, adding to $375 million in civil penalties already imposed, and the latest order would direct hundreds of millions of dollars toward treatment and prevention programs, though Meta has said it plans to appeal. On the infrastructure side, the past 24 hours just rewrote the tech playbook as billions of dollars have poured into the physical backbone of artificial intelligence, from Nvidia-backed data centers and next-generation networking to custom chips and a massive new semiconductor factory planned by Tesla and SpaceX.

For the markets now. The S&P 500 rose on Friday as traders interpreted an unexpected loss of jobs in July as meaning the Federal Reserve won't need to raise interest rates soon, advancing 0.62% for a record close of 7,757.64. The Nasdaq outperformed, climbing 1.3% to 26,690.62. The S&P 500 — which closed above 7,700 for the first time ever earlier this week — advanced 3.6% in the week. Year to date, the S&P 500 is up 21.85%, and yesterday it gained 0.11%. Traders interpreted the unexpected loss of jobs in July as meaning the Federal Reserve won't need to raise interest rates soon, and markets reacted to the report by taking a September rate hike off the table.

That's your briefing for today. Stay tuned for market updates throughout the week.