Good morning. This is your news briefing for Thursday, August 20th, 2026.

We'll start with the top stories of the day. President Donald Trump announced the "most crushing economic operation ever taken against any country," dubbed "Operation Economic Fury," designed to isolate Iran. The Treasury Department has also taken action, with Wall Street staging a rebound after the Treasury said it plans to boost buybacks of longer-dated bonds, a signal the US wants to lower borrowing costs after yields hit multi-decade highs.

In U.S. news, President Trump says U.S.-Canada have reached a deal to delay tariffs, with the tariffs set to hit 50 percent but only on about $20 billion of Canadian goods. Trump says Canada agreed to drop its tariffs on American farm goods, a long-running sore spot, because Canada tightly limits how much U.S. dairy can come in. However, Canada tells it differently, with Trade minister Dominic LeBlanc saying his country's dairy protections came through entirely intact. A former Meta employee testified that the company culture prioritized user numbers over child safety measures, as the social media platform faces a trial over child addiction claims in Oakland, California.

Moving to the world stage, the United Arab Emirates says that two vessels linked to the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company were attacked in the Strait of Hormuz, accusing Iran of being behind the attacks. 13 people were killed and some 90 others were wounded over the past 24 hours as Russian attacks as the Kremlin intensifies its bombardment of Ukrainian cities. In South America, Brazil's National Institute for Space Research reports that deforestation of the Amazon rainforest fell to 2,874 square kilometres from August 2025 to July 2026, a 37% annual decline and the lowest level since the institute's satellite monitoring began in 2016.

For the markets now. The S&P 500 closed at 7,707.98, up 0.21% at close on August 19. For year-to-date performance, the S&P 500 is up 3.14 percent. A rally in 30-year Treasuries drove yields down 10 basis points to 5.18% during the New York session, helping push the dollar to a three-month low. Oil held a four-day run of gain with US futures trading near $85 a barrel, while Bitcoin jumped as Trump pressed Congress to pass a key crypto bill as the White House hosted industry executives.

In tech news, OpenAI is tightening safeguards around increasingly capable cyber AI, Nvidia's H200 chips are beginning to reach China, Samsung is raising advanced chipmaking prices, and Europe's AI data centers are being pushed farther from major cities in search of electricity. Apple's rumored camera-equipped AirPods point to AI that can see what you see, Pony.ai is lining up thousands of robotaxis overseas, chip startup Etched has surged to a $21 billion valuation, and AI is beginning to compress the time it takes engineers to design the chips powering the next generation of computing. And Alphabet's Google agreed to pay $10 million for a vast trove of de-identified internal data from bankrupt Spirit Airlines, including roughly 100 million employee emails and 500 million Microsoft Teams chats.

That's your briefing. Back to the world in just a moment.