Good morning. Here are the headlines.

To start, tensions are escalating in the Middle East over the Strait of Hormuz. President Donald Trump applied a new condition on talks with Iran, saying he would now require compensation from the country for past misdeeds after Tehran over the weekend said US compensation would be required to reopen the Strait of Hormuz. Oil prices remain elevated after Iran said an imminent agreement with Oman to manage the Strait of Hormuz would not be enough to reopen the vital waterway, unless the US meets a list of conditions.

In the United States, voters across six states are heading to the polls today. Alabama, Connecticut, Minnesota, Vermont and Wisconsin are among the states holding primary elections tomorrow, along with South Carolina. President Donald Trump signed an executive order today that aims to reduce the number of universally recommended vaccines. The order also recommends that the list of diseases that all children should be vaccinated against drop from 18 to 11.

On the world stage, a 7.4 magnitude earthquake kills at least 111 people in Colombia. A Syrian court sentenced Assad along with his brother to death in absentia for crimes against humanity and war crimes during Syria's 14-year conflict that left about half a million people dead. And Turkey's parliament approved legislation that would introduce a conditional pardon for thousands of Kurdish militants in a bid to advance the government's peace initiative with their insurgent group.

Turning to tech and markets, Google has confirmed details around its August 12 Made by Google event in New York, where the Pixel 11 family is expected to take center stage. Mark Zuckerberg writes 6,500-word essay calling concentration the biggest AI risk, days after his model hacked another company.

For the markets, the S&P 500 slipped slightly yesterday. The S&P 500 slipped 0.06%, Dow Jones eased 0.11%, and Nasdaq 100 dropped 0.34% following a 5% climb in WTI crude, intensifying inflation worries. The S&P 500 is up about 2.8 percent year-to-date.

That's what's happening today.